Home Page

Settle down in your place of service with ease:
Rent rooms listed by corps members who will be passing out soon and leaving town

Browse accomodation according to your taste and need.

Escape the stress of having to buy everything you need from scratch:
Most of the rooms listed here comes with certain household utilities that you need like beed, cooking utensils, gadgets, etc. you can get these stuffs at a give away price

All these are made possible by corp members like you:
Help a corp member skip the stress of finding accomodation today by listing your room as you pass out. This will help you sell some of your stuffs that you won't be carrying with you.


List a room page

List Your Room
A Kind Gesture that might never be forgotten:
Listing your room goes beyond just providing someone with accomodation. You could be saving them from being robbed or get scam.

Don't loose money on things simply because you don't need it any more:
As you finish service and pass out, if you will be leaving town, defineatly there will be some months left over from your rent of 1yr that you paid You can get paid for the remaining months or give it for free for a fresh corp members who desparately need a space to settle down. All you have to do is list your room on Kopas House.

What about the things in your room that you will not be taking with you as you travel? Another corp member can still find it useful. You can make money off of it or give it to another person as a kind gesture.

Help solve a corp member accomodation challenge today

Do it in a right and legal way:
Because the house you will be listing is not your own, we strongly advice that before you put up a listing here, please let your landloard know about it. This is to avoid any misunderstanding that might lead to legal action.

Enquire if your landlord is ready to rent the apartment out again after you before proceeding. And when you find someone for the room, make sure you introduce the person to the landlord, this help solidify trust & taransparency.

Things to note as you create you listing:
Please pay attention to these things when making your listing, this is to help people understand your listing better and be able to contact you easily once they make a decision.

Provide your contact details: Provide the basic details about yourself to make contacting you easy. Things like your name, phone number, email address and location.

Give details about your room: Entere details like the llocation of your house, the type of room you're listing, the duration to which the room will be available and a simple description of how the room is like size, condition of toilet and kitchen.

Clean photos of the room: Corp members love looking at photos of rooms before making a decision. Snap photograph of the room(s), toilet and kitchen in different angle under natural light.

Highlight if items available: Indicate if you have items you eante to sell or give out along the room. Provide some details about the condition of the items and possibly price.

List Your Room
Personal Information:
Please tell us a bit about yourself so we can be able to reach out to you whenever neccesary

List Your Room
Room Information:
Please tell us a bit about your room to help interested corpers make decision fast.
